Xcursor.theme: DMZ-Black
Xcursor.size: 16

URxvt.font:     xft:DejaVu Sans Mono:size=9:antialias=true
URxvt.boldFont: xft:DejaVu Sans Mono:size=9:antialias=true

XTerm*colorBDMode: true
XTerm*allowBoldFonts: false


#define t_background        #1d1f21
#define t_foreground        #c5c8c6

#define t_normal_black      #282a2e
#define t_normal_red        #a54242
#define t_normal_green      #8c9440
#define t_normal_yellow     #de935f
#define t_normal_blue       #5f819d
#define t_normal_magenta    #85678f
#define t_normal_cyan       #5e8d87
#define t_normal_white      #707880

#define t_bright_black      #373b41
#define t_bright_red        #cc6666
#define t_bright_green      #b5bd68
#define t_bright_yellow     #f0c674
#define t_bright_blue       #81a2be
#define t_bright_magenta    #b294bb
#define t_bright_cyan       #8abeb7
#define t_bright_white      #c5c8c6

xterm*background:   t_background
xterm*foreground:   t_foreground

! black
xterm*color0:       t_normal_black
xterm*color1:       t_normal_red
xterm*color2:       t_normal_green
xterm*color3:       t_normal_yellow
xterm*color4:       t_normal_blue
xterm*color5:       t_normal_magenta
xterm*color6:       t_normal_cyan
xterm*color7:       t_normal_white

xterm*color8:       t_bright_black
xterm*color9:       t_bright_red
xterm*color10:      t_bright_green
xterm*color11:      t_bright_yellow
xterm*color12:      t_bright_blue
xterm*color13:      t_bright_magenta
xterm*color14:      t_bright_cyan
xterm*color15:      t_bright_white

! vim: ft=xdefaults
